---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mssql_sql_login Resource - terraform-provider-mssql"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages single login.
---

# mssql_sql_login (Resource)

Manages single login.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "mssql_database" "example" {
  name = "example"
}

resource "mssql_sql_login" "example" {
  name                      = "example"
  password                  = "Str0ngPa$$word12"
  must_change_password      = true
  default_database_id       = data.mssql_database.example.id
  default_language          = "english"
  check_password_expiration = true
  check_password_policy     = true
}

output "login_id" {
  value = mssql_sql_login.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Login name. Must follow [Regular Identifiers rules](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/databases/database-identifiers#rules-for-regular-identifiers) and cannot contain `\ `
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the login. Must follow strong password policies defined for SQL server. Passwords are case-sensitive, length must be 8-128 chars, can include all characters except `'` or `name`.

~> **Note** Password will be stored in the raw state as plain-text. [Read more about sensitive data in state](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data).

### Optional

- `check_password_expiration` (Boolean) When `true`, password expiration policy is enforced for this login. Defaults to `false`.
- `check_password_policy` (Boolean) When `true`, the Windows password policies of the computer on which SQL Server is running are enforced on this login. Defaults to `true`.
- `default_database_id` (String) ID of login's default DB. The ID can be retrieved using `mssql_database` data resource. Defaults to ID of `master`.
- `default_language` (String) Default language assigned to login. Defaults to current default language of the server. If the default language of the server is later changed, the default language of the login remains unchanged.
- `must_change_password` (Boolean) When true, password change will be forced on first logon. Defaults to `false`. 

-> **Note** After password is changed, this flag is being reset to `false`, which will show as changes in Terraform plan. Use `ignore_changes` block to prevent this behavior.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Login SID. Can be retrieved using `SELECT SUSER_SID('<login_name>')`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using login ID - can be retrieved using `SELECT SUSER_SID('<login_name>')`
terraform import mssql_sql_login.example 0x27578D8516843E4094EFA2CEED085C82
```
